add release notes for `v2.13.1` (#10727)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.1

> ### Hiding subflow runs in the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Hiding subflow runs in the Prefect UI
```

> ### Hiding subflow runs in the Prefect UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Hide subflow runs in the Prefect UI
```
to infinitive and beyond

Author: 🐝 💡 📆

Reviewer: 🕳️ 🔪

> We’ve added the ability to filter out subflow runs in your Flow Runs list! This feature is especially beneficial for those who frequently use subflows, making it easier to focus on parent flows with less clutter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’ve added the ability to filter out subflow runs from the list on the Flow Runs page! This feature is especially beneficial for those who frequently use subflows, making it easier to focus on parent flows with less clutter.
```

> We’ve added the ability to filter out subflow runs in your Flow Runs list! This feature is especially beneficial for those who frequently use subflows, making it easier to focus on parent flows with less clutter.

Reviewer: maybe
"from your Flow Runs page"?
"on your Flow Runs page"?
"from your flow runs"
"on your flow runs"

perhaps @billpalombi has thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Recommendation added

![Hide subflows in UI demo](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/assets/31014960/7f6a9473-8003-4a90-8ff7-4d766623b38b)

See the following for implementation details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10708

### Enhancements
- Add `run_count` to `prefect.runtime.flow_run`  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10676
- Add `run_count` to `prefect.runtime.task_run`  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10676
- Allow passing deployment triggers via CLI with `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10690

> - Add `is_null` filter for Deployments to `/flows/filter` endpoint — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10724

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `is_null` filter for deployments to `/flows/filter` endpoint — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10724
```

- Show associated flow name on Custom Run page in the Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1744
- Add ability to reset a task-based concurrency limit from the UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1746
- Display error `details` returned by API - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1712
- Add pagination to Deployments and Flows pages in the Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1732

> - Add opt-in in Prefect UI to render large flow run graphs - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1739

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add opt-in to display large flow run graphs in Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1739
```

- Streamline Artifact search filters to match other pages in the Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1689
- Improve the mobile navigation in the Prefect UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10686

### Documentation
- Add object ACL documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10695
- Use better arrow icon for `Try Cloud` button — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10675
- Improves bash output format in code blocks on concepts/agents page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10680
- Update concepts screen shots to reflect improved Prefect UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10670
- Update event feed screenshot in concepts pages — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10685
- Update Prefect Cloud index screenshots and remove Prefect Cloud quickstart — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10692
- Add error summaries section to Prefect Cloud index — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10698
- Clarify supported artifact types — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10706

> - Updates Cloud pages screenshots — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10700

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Prefect Cloud pages screenshots — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10700
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.1
### Enhancements

> - Add ability to hide subflow runs on flow runs page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10708

Reviewer: This one can be moved to the highlight section like 
```
See the following pull request for implementation details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10708
```

> - Add `run_count` to flow/task runtime  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10676

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `run_count` to `prefect.runtime.flow_run`  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10676
- Add `run_count` to `prefect.runtime.task_run`  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10676
```

for searchability

> - Allow passing triggers to `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10690

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow passing deployment triggers via `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10690
```

> - Add an `is_null` filter for Deployments to flows/filter — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10724

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve filtering for flows with and without associated deployments — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10724
```

> - Show flow name on Custom Run page - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1744

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show flow name on Custom Run page in the Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1744
```

- Display error `details` returned by API - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1712
- Add pagination to deployment and flow tables - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1732
- Add opt-in to render large flow run graphs - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1739
- Add prefect logo to sidebar and fix dashboard padding — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10684
- Add ability to update existing deployment configurations with `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10718

### Fixes
- Avoid creating unpersisted blocks remotely — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10649
- DST handling in `CronSchedules` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10678
- Allow Python classes as flow/task type hints — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10711
- Formatting of `SendgridEmail.to_emails` example — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10669
- Update artifact collection filters to match other pages - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1689
- Fix the mobile nav in the UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10686

### Documentation

> - Adds object ACL documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10695

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add object ACL documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10695
```

> - Use a more clear arrow on the try cloud button — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10675

Reviewer: ?

- `no-copy` output code block in docs agents concept page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10680
- Update concepts screen shots — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10670
- Update event feed screenshot in concepts pages — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10685

> - Cloud index screenshots update and remove cloud quickstart — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10692

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Prefect Cloud index screenshots and remove Prefect Cloud quickstart — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10692
```

> - Add error summaries to cloud index — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10698

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add error summaries section to Prefect Cloud index — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10698
```

- Clarify supported artifact types — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10706

> - Cloud pages screenshots updates — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10700

Reviewer: should start w/ a verb

> - Fixes two broken links — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10726

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix two broken links — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10726
```
where?

> ## New Contributors
> * @odoublewen made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10706
> ### Contributors
> - @WillRaphaelson
> - @billpalombi
> - @brandonreid
> - @bunchesofdonald
> - @discdiver
> - @jakekaplan
> - @odoublewen
> - @serinamarie
> - @urimandujano
> - @zhen0
> - @zzstoatzz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## New Contributors
* @odoublewen made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10706
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.1
### Enhancements
- Add ability to hide subflow runs on flow runs page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10708
- Add `run_count` to `prefect.runtime.flow_run`  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10676
- Add `run_count` to `prefect.runtime.task_run`  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10676
- Allow passing deployment triggers via `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10690
- Add an `is_null` filter for Deployments to flows/filter — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10724
- Show flow name on Custom Run page in the Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1744

> - Add ability to reset a task-based concurrency limit - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1746

Reviewer: in the Prefect UI?

- Display error `details` returned by API - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1712

> - Add pagination to deployment and flow tables - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1732

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add pagination to Deployments and Flows pages in the Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1732
```

> - Add opt-in to render large flow run graphs - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1739

Reviewer: in the Prefect UI?

> - Add prefect logo to sidebar and fix dashboard padding — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10684

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add Prefect logo to sidebar and fix dashboard padding — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10684
```
in the Prefect UI?

- Add ability to update existing deployment configurations with `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10718

### Fixes
- Avoid creating unpersisted blocks remotely — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10649
- DST handling in `CronSchedules` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10678
- Allow Python classes as flow/task type hints — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10711

> - Formatting of `SendgridEmail.to_emails` example — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10669

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix formatting of `SendgridEmail.to_emails` example in notifications API reference — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10669
```

> - Update artifact collection filters to match other pages - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1689

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Streamline Artifact search filters to match other pages in the Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1689
```

> - Fix the mobile nav in the UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10686

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve the mobile navigation in the Prefect UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10686
```
one could argue it's an enhancement

### Documentation
- Add object ACL documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10695
- Use a more clear arrow on the try cloud button — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10675

> - `no-copy` output code block in docs agents concept page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10680

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve formatting of bash output in code blocks on agents concept page. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10680
```

> - Update concepts screen shots — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10670

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update concepts screen shots to reflect improved Prefect UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10670
```
not sure if that's the best wording

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.1

### Hiding subflow runs in the UI
We’ve added the ability to filter out subflow runs in your Flow Runs list! This feature is especially beneficial for those who frequently use subflows, making it easier to focus on parent flows with less clutter.

### Enhancements
- Add ability to hide subflow runs on flow runs page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10708
- Add `run_count` to `prefect.runtime.flow_run`  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10676
- Add `run_count` to `prefect.runtime.task_run`  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10676
- Allow passing deployment triggers via `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10690
- Improve filtering for flows with and without associated deployments — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10724

> - Show flow name on Custom Run page in the Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1744

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show associated flow name on Custom Run deployment page in the Prefect UI - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1744
```
